Update Amazon SQS connector doc (#708)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/amazonsqs-connector/amazonsqs-connector-example.md

If you do not want to configure this yourself, you can simply [get the project](#get-the-project) and run it.

## Set up the environment 

> 1. Please follow the steps mentioned in the [Setting up the Amazon S3 Environment ]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/amazonsqs-connector/amazonsqs-connector-config) document in order to create an Amazon account and obtain access key id and secret access key. Keep them saved to be used in the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps mentioned in the [Setting up the Amazon S3 Environment]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/amazonsqs-connector/amazonsqs-connector-config) document to create an Amazon account and obtain access key ID and secret access key. Keep them saved to use in the next steps.
```
